I've mentioned this many times but I'm still yet to make a plan A lot of people like to use grid bots in order to trade in an automated way Drift has a 302. limit order limitation So my thinking is that we need some sort of rolling limit order system where when a order is filled it creates a new 1. in its place until the total number of limit orders is reached from the initial configuration Because there is A3. 2. limit order limitation we need to work out how to overcome this until drift decided to change it which according to team will be quite some time to techdet. So we need to find a way to create advanced grid order strategies where it puts say if they want to go short side sell orders that positions and the buy orders below that are reduced entries also we can make the most of the scale orders built into drift drift has ascending descending and flat scale orders which I think is brilliant it was actually something that I recommended to them which is brilliant and 1. of the reasons why I love the team now 1. of the big pros to the Pionex bots Is You could have hundreds and hundreds of grids So if the market is choppy and going sideways its able to capitalise on sideways price action Also we need to figure out ways figure out the range I guess the scale loader has range setting as well but we want some sort of intuitive intelligent way for users to set the range I don't know how Pioneer works or other advanced grid order systems work but we need to bow ideas from them and potentially even innovate new ones So let's start with a comprehensive plan that I will order externally as well Audit that is so we can go over pitfalls limitations We are using Drift protocol after all so this is unchain so limit limit orders depend on decent within the order book Decent amount of open interest decent amount of open interest in order fulfil limit orders at a reasonable price as I'm sure you're aware anyway let's make a comprehensive plan When I say rolling limit orders I know that the scale order won't necessarily work for that but what we could do is potentially build upon the scale order so use this scale order for the initial I would say 15 or 302. limit orders Remember we isolating each bot within its own sub account So we have the full 302. limit order I mean when I say 3. hundred and 2. it's just cause voice dictator is fucking retarded and can to like 302. which is 30 and then 2. which bothers the show because I'm not saying 3. 100 and 2. See what I mean how fucking retarded is that just have a look Windows Voice Access is abhorrent when it comes to numbers So just be careful with what I'm saying But yeah do some research on how drift works currently with its scale orders limit orders and everything i'm sure you're well aware at this stage since we've built this comprehensive automated trading platform So you can get a better understanding of the limitations that we face and ways we can overcome them To create something as good if not better than the pynex grid bots